Cli 1.6 docs follow-up (#1289)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment-resources.md

#### Create a worker queue

:::cli 

> You can alternatively create worker queues using the Astro CLI. See [`astro deployment worker-queue create`](cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-create.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer, you can also create worker queues using the Astro CLI. See [`astro deployment worker-queue create`](cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-create.md).
```
